
## Project setup

### Clone/Download from the repository

1. Visit `https://github.com/emavgl/inventory-management-system`
2. Download the content of the repository (or `git clone` it)

### Move to HTDOCS
3. Copy into htdocs directory `sudo mv inventory-management-system/ /opt/lampp/htdocs/`
4. Open firefox and visit `http://localhost/inventory-management-system/`

The application is running, but when it is trying to access the database it fails because it is not initialized yet.

### Setup the database

5. Go to `http://localhost/phpmyadmin/`
6. Click on Label "Import"
7. Create new database `store`
8. Browse > Import the file > docs/db_init/store.sql
9. Open firefox and visit `http://localhost/inventory-management-system/`

## Project usage

### Sign-in

Login as admin:

```
username: 'admin'
password: 'admin'
```

**admin** has complete access to the platform and it has also the possibility to administrate new users.

### Tour

The application is intended to be a store's inventory mangament system.
It means that it keeps a list of the product of your store, product that
are sold, product that are ordered from the producer and so on.

You don't need to have a complete understand of all the fields and parameters in this system.

here is a basic tour of the website:

- **dashboard**: shows some statistics such as total product, total orders etc.
- **brand**: you can manage the *brand* you own in your store (apple, samsung)
- **category**: you can manage the *category* of the products (tv, smartphone)
- **product**: you can manage the *products* you have (add new one, delete etc)
- **orders**: add new orders, manage orders
- **report**: download report

### Add new User

1. Log as admin
2. Menu > New User > Add User

```
user1
password1
user1@gmail.com
```

### Log-in as the new user

Dashboard and Website menu are different.
Because normal user has restrict access to the resources.
He can access just to the `Orders`. 
